hi I'm Brigitte and this is slope style
with skis.com
I have Bill from Spyder who came all the
way from far away to come here over me
you're welcome we're gonna talk about
the men's propulsion pin this is a
special pant absolutely unfortunately
don't have a sample oh that's right it's
right here yep
propulsion pant is a really a nice
fitting very very comfortable pant
because the exterior is a very stretchy
fabric and is a beautiful hand to it so
it's a it's a it's a very comfortable
pant to wear and be outside in its
insulation is 40 grams of Thinsulate
which is the norm that we use for almost
all of our pants we've found through the
years it's just a nice like the perfect
yeah the nice weight and not too hot not
too but not enough most of the time and
it has some nice features to it and it's
a removable suspender for people that
want to use them but you don't need to
is adjustable waist but distills
develops so if you don't want to use the
suspenders but don't wanna use a belt
you can adjust the waist belt loops if
you want to use a belt to make a little
fashion statement hand pockets that are
super shut so you keep your valuables
where they should be on you and inside
venting which is zippers up and down so
that's nice fair amount of our seaming
detail to get a nice articulation in the
knees and then of course snow cuff at
the bottom so it's somebody I like great
features you'd look for in a pant
absolutely what about the I'm sure
they'd want to know about the
waterproofing yeah yeah well there's two
aspects of waterproofing is the
laminates you use from the stand point
and keeping water out yet
water vapor evaporating and moving out
and there's 20 20 on that pant so that's
pretty much industry gold standard and
then the pan is fully tape so all those
seams that go over the place there's no
leakage Erica's tape is good and behind
and on the outside of the pan we put a
little special product called spy line
that helps
drove from sitting on the fabric or
catching the fabric and if you do get
some dirt on to worry about it washes
off beautifully yeah when they do wash
up nicely and just hang them to dry and
they're ready to go the next day and one
last question how is the fit good yeah
well they're articulated these our
designs so that we have a nice
silhouette or a nice shaping I wouldn't
call it a tight fit I just call it a
regular fit so with some shape to it
because of their articulation in the
knees okay well put well thanks Bill for
coming in to talk about the propulsion
pant and this is slope style with
skis.com